Add prediction task subsection (#23)
greenelab/xswap-manuscript: content/02.body.md

### Prediction tasks

> We performed three prediction tasks to assess the performance of the edge prior, and we compared two additional features, a scaled product of source and target degree (scaled to the range [0, 1]), and our approximation of the edge prior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We performed three prediction tasks to assess the performance of the edge prior.
We compared the permutation-based prior with two additional features: a scaled product of source and target degree (scaled to the range [0, 1]) and our approximation of the edge prior.
```

> For the first two prediction tasks, we used 20 biomedical networks from the Hetionet heterogeneous network [@doi:10.7554/eLife.26726] that had at minimum 2000 edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used 20 biomedical networks from the Hetionet heterogeneous network [@doi:10.7554/eLife.26726] that had at least 2000 edges for the first two tasks.
```

In the first task, we computed the degree-based prediction features (edge prior, scaled degree product, and prior approximation), and predicted the original edges in the network.

> Negative samples in the first task were node pairs in which an edge was not present in the original network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used node pairs that lacked edge in the original network as negative examples.
```
What are positives? I'm imagining those that are present, but perhaps add a sentence to specifically state it.

To assess the methods' predictive performances, we computed the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for all three features.
In the second task, we sampled 70% of edges from each of the networks, computed features on the sampled network, then attempted to predict held-out edges.

> For this task, negative samples were node pairs in which an edge did not exist in either original or sampled network, while positive samples were only those node pairs without an edge in the sampled network but with an edge in the original network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this task, negative examples were node pairs in which an edge did not exist in either original or sampled network, while positive samples were those node pairs without an edge in the sampled network but with an edge in the original network.
```

The third task evaluated the ability of the edge prior to generalize to new degree distributions.

> We used two domains---protein-protein interactions (PPI) and transcription factor-target gene (TF-TG) relationships---where networks are available that were generated through different methods: literature curation of low-throughput, hypothesis-driven research and high-throughput, systematic, hypothesis-free experimentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used two domains---protein-protein interactions (PPI) and transcription factor-target gene (TF-TG) relationships---where networks were available that were generated through different methods: literature curation of low-throughput, hypothesis-driven research and high-throughput, systematic, hypothesis-free experimentation.
```
I really don't like this sentence because I find it unwieldy and hard to read. Have you considered breaking it up into two sentences?

> For the PPI networks, we used the STRING network, which incorporates literature-mining to find relationships [@doi:10.1093/nar/gky1131] and a combination of the high-throughput, proteome-scale interaction networks due to Rual et al. [@doi:10.1038/nature04209] and Rolland et al. [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2014.10.050].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the PPI networks, we used the STRING network, which incorporates literature-mining to find relationships [@doi:10.1093/nar/gky1131] and a combination of the high-throughput, proteome-scale interaction networks from Rual et al. [@doi:10.1038/nature04209] and Rolland et al. [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2014.10.050].
```

We used a transcription factor-target gene (TF-TG) literature-derived network from Han et al. [@doi:10.1093/nar/gkx1013] and a high-throughput network from Lachmann et al. [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btq466].

> For both the PPI and TF-TG data sources, we had two networks, one in which we expect degree bias and one in which we do not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pairs of networks for PPI and TF-TG data sources are ideal because in one we expect inspection bias and in the other we do not.
```

> As a further basis of comparison, we added a time-resolved co-authorship network which we partitioned by time to create two separate networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a further basis of comparison, we added a time-resolved co-authorship network, which we partitioned by time to create two separate networks.
```

> The co-authorship network represented bioRxiv preprints, and it was created using the Rxivist [@doi:10.1101/515643; @doi:10.5281/zenodo.2566421] database that was generated by crawling the bioRxiv server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We created the co-authorship network of bioRxiv preprints using the Rxivist [@doi:10.1101/515643; @doi:10.5281/zenodo.2566421] database, which was generated by crawling the bioRxiv server.
```
